W-17759597-instanceType-param-fix-4.5-dm (#2927)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mmp-deploy-to-cloudhub-2.adoc

| `pathRewrite` | Supplies the base path expected by the HTTP listener in your application. This value must begin with `/`. This parameter is used only for applications that are deployed to xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-private-space-about.adoc[private space]. | No

> | `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No

Reviewer: Will people know what "UBP" means? I don't see it defined anywhere. And do you think we should more about what we mean by instance type in this context? The term "instance" is used in different contexts on this page.

Reviewer: @dmerlob

Reviewer: I see UBP in a handful of other docs but have no idea what it means.

Author: UBP = Usage-based pricing.

Yeah. I can add a clarification there. Thanks, @dukesphere !

> | `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No

Author: ```suggestion
| `instanceType` | Specifies the capacity of the replica for application deployment. This flag is available only for organizations using a usage-based pricing (UBP) package. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter instead. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No
```

Author: `instanceType | Specifies the capacity of the replica for application deployment. This flag is available only for organizations using a usage-based pricing (UBP) package. Non-UBP organizations should use the vCores parameter instead.`
